Let's take a look back and let's
summarize what we learned in lesson two.
So first, we showed you where to
download the recovery or rescue image.
So that required us to go to 96boards.org,
and click on the user guides, and
download the appropriate zip file for
either Android or the Linaro.
Then, we went ahead and mounted or
rather not mounting but
rather plug in our SD card using
a mount/ umount commands to go ahead and
unmount the file system and then flashing
it onto the SD card via Linux and Mac.
If you're on a Windows computer, you're
gonna go ahead and use Win32diskimager
software, which you can learn
more about in module four.
>> And lastly, we showed you
what steps you need to take and
kind of what modifications you need to
perform for your DragonBoard in order for
you to be able to reflash
the OS if you have fast boot.
>> Remember, just to recall that,
the SD card only acts as a way to connect
your EMMC flash if it can't do so already.
So, if you want to flash or
reflash your Alpine system,
you gotta do it via fast boot.